♪
Oh, hi,
Mr. Fellows here once again
to guide you on the five step
journey to financial aid.
Today I'm going to talk about
the Net Price Calculator.
Now, you might be saying to
yourself...
"But Mr. Fellows, I'm awful
at math."
That's okay...
the Net Price Calculator
is so easy,
even Monty here can do it.
Ain't that right, Monty?
Sure is friends!
You'll want to estimate your
college's approximate costs
by visiting the Net Price
Calculator
on your school's website.
This fancy tool,
just kidding...
This fancy tool will estimate
the total costs of college
and help you understand what
types of financing resources
may be available to you.
Now don't be afraid to play
around with the variables
to see how your total cost of
college could change.
For example,
look closely at the differences
between living on-campus,
off-campus, or living at home
with your parents.
And keep in mind,
this calculator will only give
you an estimate.
Your actual costs may vary.
To find this magical calculator,
("pirate")
use the search feature on your
college's website and type in:
NET...PRICE...CALCULATOR.
Shhh!
Sorry.
Well, that, my friends, just
about wraps it up for Step 2.
Thank you for watching this
video.
And remember what I always
say...
with college comes great
knowledge.
Take care.
Sorry again.
Sign up for the CollegeSTEPS®
program
and get handy information
throughout the year.
wellsfargo.com/collegesteps